content/about/informal.md, before:

---
title: "Informal Self-Introduction"
description: ""
summary: ""
date: 2024-11-20T19:56:15-05:00
lastmod: 2024-11-20T19:56:15-05:00
draft: true
weight: 300
pinned: false
homepage: false
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

> <sup>11</sup> You make known to me the path of life; you will fill me with joy in your presence, with eternal pleasures at your right hand. (Psalms 16:11; NIV)

> <sup>11</sup> 你必將生命的道路指示我，在你面前有滿足的喜樂，在你右手中有永遠的福樂。（詩篇 16:11，和合本）

As I was writing this page, I was constantly bothering myself with the following questions:

1. What was my goal?
2. Who were my audiences?
3. What would the content - a life of someone else - be of significance to some other person in the digital ocean named Internet?

For a curriculum vitae / resume, the audiences might be the recruiters, or some other job-seekers looking for templates and examples. In the former case, the goal is to reach a mutual agreement between both sides, exchanging skills, expertises with compensations. In the latter case.

Commit message:

typos in ellipsoids fixed, contents on informal.

content/about/informal.md, after:

---
title: "Informal Self-Introduction"
description: ""
summary: ""
date: 2024-11-20T19:56:15-05:00
lastmod: 2024-11-20T19:56:15-05:00
draft: true
weight: 300
pinned: false
homepage: false
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

{{<callout context="caution" title="Psalms 16:11; NIV + CUVMPT" icon="outline/bible" >}}
<sup>11</sup> You make known to me the path of life; you will fill me with joy in your presence, with eternal pleasures at your right hand.

<sup>11</sup> 你必將生命的道路指示我，在你面前有滿足的喜樂，在你右手中有永遠的福樂。
{{</callout >}}

## A Little Preface

There are many times in our lives that we tried introducing ourselves to different people. Depending on the settings, introductions comes in different shapes and forms.

For example, there is a difference in formality; there is a difference in length; there is a difference in the medium used for delivering a self-introduction; there is a difference in goal; there is a difference in the audience (the numbers, their backgrounds/interests/purposes); there is a difference in whether it is scripted or not. It can be a description box with limited length for an account on social media, it can be a resume/CV, it can also just be a preliminary part of small talks in a social gathering.

**All in all, no matter the settings, the content of an self-introduction is about "who am I", presented in a way that allows connections with others, or further opportunities to engage in subsequent interactions.**

My technical skills, expertise, and passion for what I do professionally is the majority of the contents on this site. The contents on other nerdy hobbies of mine might also be things that might entertain people on the Internet.

However, I would like to use the subsequent spaces to write about my _religion_, expressed through a reflection on my past life. It is titled "informal", as it is not something that people would immediately brought up in a formal conversation with strangers, but is something that was significant to me, and that I think would offer some perspectives that might inspire people.

## A Lost Sheep
