content/about/resume.md, before:

---
title: "CV/Resume"
description: "CV/Resume"
summary: "My curriculum vitae and resume."
date: 2024-11-20T17:49:31-05:00
lastmod: 2024-11-20T17:49:31-05:00
draft: false
weight: 100
pinned: false
homepage: false
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "My CV and Resume" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

A PDF version can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1fhbh23qorLGmxr0JRcothJjiCiuWIVbi?usp=drive_link).

## Contact Infos & Socials

- {{< inline-svg "outline/phone" >}} Phone ~ 713-319-5876
- {{< inline-svg "outline/home" >}} Location ~ Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.A.
- {{< inline-svg "outline/mail" >}} Email ~ [swang3068@gatech.edu](mailto:swang3068@gatech.edu)
- {{< inline-svg "outline/brand-linkedin" >}} LinkedIn ~ [swang3068](https://www.linkedin.com/in/swang3068/)
- {{< inline-svg "outline/brand-github" >}} Github ~ [ZebraAlgebra](https://github.com/ZebraAlgebra/)
- {{< inline-svg "outline/user" >}} Personal [Website](https://swang3068.netlify.app/)
- {{< inline-svg "outline/movie" >}} MyAnimeList ~ [CabbageCat](https://myanimelist.net/profile/Cabbage_Cat)

## Education

| Start     | End       | School | Degree       | Location       |
| :-------- | :-------- | :----- | :----------- | :------------- |
| `2016/08` | `2020/05` | NTU    | BS Math      | `TPE, TW`      |
| `2022/02` | `2023/05` | NTU    | MS Math      | `TPE, TW`      |
| `2023/08` | `2024/12` | GT     | MS Analytics | `ATL, GA, USA` |

\*(NTU, GT) = (National Taiwan University, Georgia Institute of Technology)

## Technical Skills

- **Programming Lang. / Tools** : {{< inline-svg "outline/brand-python" >}}, R, {{< inline-svg "outline/file-type-html" >}} / {{< inline-svg "outline/file-type-css" >}} / {{< inline-svg "outline/file-type-js" >}} + {{< inline-svg "outline/brand-react" >}}, {{< inline-svg "outline/brand-git" >}}, {{< inline-svg "outline/tex" >}}, {{< inline-svg "outline/sql" >}}
- **Analytics Tools**:
  - **EDA and Data Preparation**: Pandas, Polars, Dask, (Py)Spark
  - **Visualization**: Matplotlib, D3.js
  - **Statistical Modeling and Machine Learning**:
    - General-purpose Machine Learning Models: Sklearn
    - Deep Learning: Pytorch, HuggingFace
    - Functional / Tensor / Network / Textual / Time Series Data: Scikit-FDA, TensorLy, NetworkX, Statsmodels
  - **Optimization**: PuLP, CVXPY

## Selected Projects (@Georgia Tech)

This page provides an overview. A more detailed description is given in [this page](/about/projects/).

- [**OMSA Practicum (C-Track)**](/about/projects/prac) `2024/09-2024/12` `Python` `PowerBI` `Time Series Analysis`
  - A practicum project sponsered by [MedTrans Go](https://www.medtransgo.com/), an end-to-end data analytics tasks, aiming to quantify and analyze tech updates on sales, as well as identifying other underlying patterns of requests
- [**The Last Book Bender**](/about/projects/bookbend) `2024/01-04/2024` `Python` `BERT` `Recommendation Systems` `ReactJS` `Flask`
  - A book recommender and visualization web app, built on Goodreads10k and books from project Gutenberg
- [**Scaling CF via CBF and Data Injection**](/about/projects/cfcbf) `2024/01-04/2024` `Python` `Recommendation systems` `LaTeX`
  - A project exploring ways to scale the traditional user-based collaborative filtering (UBCF) to larger datasets, via content-based (CBF) approaches - users subsampling and item clustering
- [**flusim**](/about/projects/flusim) `2023/09-2023/12` `Python` `Simulation` `Markov Processes` `LaTeX`
  - A Python package published on TestPyPI, for simulation, calculation of statistics, visualizations of a particular theoretical flu-spread process

## Working Experience

- **Teaching Assistant and Research Assistant** `2019/08-2023/05` (@NTU, Math Department)
  - Hosted, instructed weekly homework, quiz review sessions & office hours for Calculus, Abstract Algebra as a TA
  - Collaborated with Prof. Wu-Yen Chuang to work on problems in algebraic geometry as an RA, organized study
    groups, hosted weekly reading seminars on topics in algebraic geometry and algebraic topology

## Miscellaneous Experience

- **3DGauCIM: Accelerating 3D Gaussian Splatting via Digital Compute-in-Memory for Real-Time Edge Rendering** `2024/08-2024/11` `publication`
  - Fourth author in a publication to appear on DAC (Digital Automation Conference)
  - Helped producing rigorous key 3D visuals illustrating main ideas using Matplotlib, and modularized it as a Python dataclass for the paper's main authors to easily make tweaks on it (such as switching on and off the plot components, using other color schemes or sizes)
  - Simplified and streamlined the mathematical formulations of Gaussian splatting (both 4D and 3D temporal)
- [**Convex Analysis Notes**](https://github.com/ZebraAlgebra/convex-analysis-notes) `2024/08–2024/10` `ML Theory` `Optimization` `LaTeX` `Git`
  - A math learning note on the subject of convex analysis, published on Github, garnering 6 stars.
- [**Master's Thesis**](https://tdr.lib.ntu.edu.tw/jspui/handle/123456789/88019) `2022/02-2023/06` `Mathematical Research` `Academic Writing` `LaTeX`
  - Title: _”A Motivic Blowup Formula of Moduli Spaces of Rank 2 Sheaves on an Algebraic Surface”_
- **Mandatory Military Service** `2021/02-2021/06` `Taipei, Taiwan`
- **Online Course Certificates**:
  - [**Algorithms by Stanford University** on Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/specialization/BHQVPXG5K35U) `2023/11`
  - [**CS50's Introduction to Artificial Intelligence with Python by Harvard University** on edX](https://certificates.cs50.io/da3cca83-2a71-4452-8aa2-c8ca7df9f11c.png?size=letter) `2023/03`

Commit message:

added now page, updated resume

content/about/resume.md, after:

---
title: "CV/Resume"
description: "CV/Resume"
summary: "My curriculum vitae and resume."
date: 2024-11-20T17:49:31-05:00
lastmod: 2024-11-20T17:49:31-05:00
draft: false
weight: 100
pinned: false
homepage: false
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "My CV and Resume" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

A PDF version can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1fhbh23qorLGmxr0JRcothJjiCiuWIVbi?usp=drive_link).

## Contact Infos & Socials

- {{< inline-svg "outline/phone" >}} Phone ~ 713-319-5876
- {{< inline-svg "outline/home" >}} Location ~ Norcross, Georgia, U.S.A.
- {{< inline-svg "outline/mail" >}} Email ~ [swang3068@gatech.edu](mailto:swang3068@gatech.edu)
- {{< inline-svg "outline/brand-linkedin" >}} LinkedIn ~ [swang3068](https://www.linkedin.com/in/swang3068/)
- {{< inline-svg "outline/brand-github" >}} Github ~ [ZebraAlgebra](https://github.com/ZebraAlgebra/)
- {{< inline-svg "outline/user" >}} Personal [Website](https://swang3068.netlify.app/)
- {{< inline-svg "outline/movie" >}} MyAnimeList ~ [CabbageCat](https://myanimelist.net/profile/Cabbage_Cat)

## Education

| Start     | End       | School | Degree       | Location       |
| :-------- | :-------- | :----- | :----------- | :------------- |
| `2016/08` | `2020/05` | NTU    | BS Math      | `TPE, TW`      |
| `2022/02` | `2023/05` | NTU    | MS Math      | `TPE, TW`      |
| `2023/08` | `2024/12` | GT     | MS Analytics | `ATL, GA, USA` |

\*(NTU, GT) = (National Taiwan University, Georgia Institute of Technology)

## Technical Skills

- **Programming Lang. / Tools** : {{< inline-svg "outline/brand-python" >}}, R, {{< inline-svg "outline/file-type-html" >}} / {{< inline-svg "outline/file-type-css" >}} / {{< inline-svg "outline/file-type-js" >}} + {{< inline-svg "outline/brand-react" >}}, {{< inline-svg "outline/brand-git" >}}, {{< inline-svg "outline/tex" >}}, {{< inline-svg "outline/sql" >}}
- **Analytics Tools**:
  - **EDA and Data Preparation**: Pandas, Polars, Dask, (Py)Spark
  - **Visualization**: Matplotlib, D3.js
  - **Statistical Modeling and Machine Learning**:
    - General-purpose Machine Learning Models: Sklearn
    - Deep Learning: Pytorch, HuggingFace
    - Functional / Tensor / Network / Textual / Time Series Data: Scikit-FDA, TensorLy, NetworkX, Statsmodels
  - **Optimization**: PuLP, CVXPY

## Working Experience

- **MedTrans Go Internship** `2024/09-2024/12` `Python` `PowerBI` `Time Series Analysis`
  - A practicum project sponsered by [MedTrans Go](https://www.medtransgo.com/), an end-to-end data analytics tasks, aiming to quantify and analyze tech updates on sales, as well as identifying other underlying patterns of requests.
  - Project details can be found in this project page: [**Applied Analytics Practicum**](/about/projects/prac).
- **Teaching Assistant and Research Assistant** `2019/08-2023/05` (@NTU, Math Department)
  - Hosted, instructed weekly homework, quiz review sessions & office hours for Calculus, Abstract Algebra as a TA
  - Collaborated with Prof. Wu-Yen Chuang to work on problems in algebraic geometry as an RA, organized study
    groups, hosted weekly reading seminars on topics in algebraic geometry and algebraic topology


## Selected Projects (@Georgia Tech)

This page provides an overview. A more detailed description is given in [this page](/about/projects/).

- [**The Last Book Bender**](/about/projects/bookbend) `2024/01-04/2024` `Python` `BERT` `Recommendation Systems` `ReactJS` `Flask`
  - A book recommender and visualization web app, built on Goodreads10k and books from project Gutenberg
- [**Scaling CF via CBF and Data Injection**](/about/projects/cfcbf) `2024/01-04/2024` `Python` `Recommendation systems` `LaTeX`
  - A project exploring ways to scale the traditional user-based collaborative filtering (UBCF) to larger datasets, via content-based (CBF) approaches - users subsampling and item clustering
- [**flusim**](/about/projects/flusim) `2023/09-2023/12` `Python` `Simulation` `Markov Processes` `LaTeX`
  - A Python package published on TestPyPI, for simulation, calculation of statistics, visualizations of a particular theoretical flu-spread process

## Miscellaneous Experience

- **3DGauCIM: Accelerating 3D Gaussian Splatting via Digital Compute-in-Memory for Real-Time Edge Rendering** `2024/08-2024/11` `publication`
  - Fourth author in a publication submitted to DAC (Digital Automation Conference)
  - Helped producing rigorous key 3D visuals illustrating main ideas using Matplotlib, and modularized it as a Python dataclass for the paper's main authors to easily make tweaks on it (such as switching on and off the plot components, using other color schemes or sizes)
  - Simplified and streamlined the mathematical formulations of Gaussian splatting (both 4D and 3D temporal)
- [**Convex Analysis Notes**](https://github.com/ZebraAlgebra/convex-analysis-notes) `2024/08–2024/10` `ML Theory` `Optimization` `LaTeX` `Git`
  - A math learning note on the subject of convex analysis, published on Github, garnering 6 stars.
- [**Master's Thesis**](https://tdr.lib.ntu.edu.tw/jspui/handle/123456789/88019) `2022/02-2023/06` `Mathematical Research` `Academic Writing` `LaTeX`
  - Title: _”A Motivic Blowup Formula of Moduli Spaces of Rank 2 Sheaves on an Algebraic Surface”_
- **Mandatory Military Service** `2021/02-2021/06` `Taipei, Taiwan`
- **Online Course Certificates**:
  - [**Algorithms by Stanford University** on Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/specialization/BHQVPXG5K35U) `2023/11`
  - [**CS50's Introduction to Artificial Intelligence with Python by Harvard University** on edX](https://certificates.cs50.io/da3cca83-2a71-4452-8aa2-c8ca7df9f11c.png?size=letter) `2023/03`
